hey guys I'm here with Catherine and I
own my English to her because 12 years
ago I was lucky to have her as an
exchange student at my school and I came
to stay with her and she spent a couple
of weeks and Martinez staying with us
and she was go on and her family towards
New England yeah cuz we just graduated
from Cambridge and she worked in
jeopardy at the bat and we're gonna just
and she's gonna tell us about her
experience of getting into Cambridge and
graduating from an imagined community
yeah my first question is yeah it's very
competitive but my school set me up
really well and I just really wanted to
go there
all the hard work but I thought it was
to get there they're getting infinity
bit yeah do you have a lot of
international students because you're
suppose what yeah yeah yeah sure
students major in Europe
pretty good somewhat what does the
process look like submit your a levels
right yeah we also have yeah travel
cambridge twice tuna bees on one day
you're submitting your mail levels and
if they don't like her they wouldn't
invite you in yeah you and you get
invited to be okay yeah something like
okay okay
did you have the amazing house house
network at Cambridge do still connect
with the students
yeah and in contact with you students
and some of the professor's as well
they're really good at keeping its white
glue stick me in a theatre do you want
to check whether hey guys we're just
gonna check where we're going and we're
going turn cross yeah perfect okay
yeah my next question is about getting a
job we got to get a job voice it easier
when your graduation came from I think
it looks good on your CV than the late -
been different signs that so there's not
how many vessels anyway but definitely a
lot of people as having image I just
need be really helps learning especially
in London yeah right
yeah there's a really good for
in-service nice name
we really go the naked
so yeah I think last questions in
education or that's it for now okay okay
maybe advice for people of one to get
into Cambridge
well comet having the ground and speedy
colleges and
I hope main obviously you need good
grades but the theater beautiful would
be the main thing so it's gonna keep get
back just doing that and just think
about why you want to go and is their
motivation letter they
or yeah yeah you have to write personal
statements like what do you write
say like why Cambridge why the course
you've chosen doesn't and all the things
you've done that make
okay so nothing special like Stanford
requires you to write what's the most
important thing in your life yeah
there's no specific question but it's
why sure
okay yeah yeah this will be the last if
you're aiming for Cambridge you still
have to have some back and burn right
yeah yes no I applied for three other
universities okay well thank you so much
Catherine Catherine helped you you know
with your decision of getting into top
UK universities